Previously on Scorpion...
CABE: Meet my new trainee,
Tim Armstrong.
Hello.
I was thinking
maybe you and I
could get a meal.
Oh, like a...
BOTH:
Date?
Only if you'd like.
Paige and-and you?
I took your advice.
I have the opportunity to have
dinner with a smart, kind,
beautiful woman, and I'd be
a fool not to go for her, right?
You know the name Mark Collins?
WALTER: Mark used to work
at my company, Scorpion.
Mark's a radio expert.
He monitors nearly every signal
that passes through the air.
So this guy was like you guys?
With Mark it was intense,
though.
When he bailed,
it was the best thing for us,
and him being back is the worst.
WALTER: Three years ago, I had
him committed to an asylum.
Do you have any idea
how badly that hurt me?
You hate me for
what I did, I get it.
We could have accomplished
anything together,
but you ruined that.
TOBY: During the early years
of Scorpion,
Mark Collins showed
incredible brilliance.
One of the smartest
members of the team.
He amazed me,
all of us.
He also scared us.
How so?
He gets lost in his own mind,
in his thoughts
and his theories,
and if you disagree
with one of his constructs,
he lashes out, gets violent.
He's just jealous.
Mr. Collins, you'll have
your chance to speak.
TOBY:
You see that look he has.
That's a one; you don't
want to see him at ten.
JUDGE: As someone who's worked
with the applicant
and known him
in a personal capacity,
do you have an opinion
regarding his potential
release from this facility?
Well, as a former colleague
and as a psychiatrist
with a degree from...
BOTH:
Harvard Medical School.
Big deal.
I don't need some
elbow-patch professor
to tell me what to think.
I create my own knowledge.
Create your own reality, Mark.
You've always hated me because
I came between you and Walter.
Because I was
his favorite mind.
We went places together that
you can never even fathom, Toby.
All up here. All up there.
I'm sure it's lovely in there
with all the elf socials
and unicorn parties.
JUDGE:
Dr. Curtis.
I just simply need your
opinion for the record
with respect to
Mr. Collins' sanity.
How say you?
Medically speaking...
he's nuttier
than peanut brittle.
I will kill you!
I will kill you,
I will kill you, Toby.
(laughs)
See?
My diagnosis is always spot-on.
I am almost spot-on.
HAPPY:
Today.
It's "weights and measures,"
not "wait forever."
I am precise.
If it's nougat, we're
talking whipped egg whites,
sugar, honey and
nut shavings.
Very light. But if it's caramel,
well, it could be heavier
by a fraction of a gram.
♪ Baby, you're castin'
your spell on me... ♪
I say nougat.
♪ You got me doing funny things
like a clown ♪
♪ A-just look at me... ♪
Nougat.
PAIGE:
Guys.
Let's wrap it up-- he's gonna
get sick from all this candy.
Not yet.
I need to win my money back
before Toby returns
from the nut house.
Can't let him near gambling.
Okay, speaking of nuts,
look at the swirl
on the bottom here,
how the chocolate lays
over each fiber.
Totally shaved coconut.
♪ Girl, that I can dig it... ♪
Lab rat?
♪ I say oogum oogum
boogum boogum... ♪
So... why do we keep
getting invoices
from the United States Treasury?
'Cause we flooded Fort Knox.
Oh. Right. Well, you can tell
them Homeland will cover it.
It's not our
responsibil... Oh.
Are those chocolates?
I... enjoy chocolates.
Mmm.
Tim sent them to Paige.
(grunts)
Not good. Low quality.
(phone rings)
I'll get that.
(turns off music)
(clears throat)
Hey, Ralph, you want to...?
Hello.
Yeah?
Happy.
You know these candies
weren't just for me,
they were for the whole team.
Uh, the whole team hasn't been
on three dates with Tim
in the past week--
it was addressed to you.
'Cause he knows
I sign for the packages.
It's a square box,
not heart-shaped.
We've just gone to a few
restaurants together.
He's a sweet guy, though.
WALTER:
Okay, so
when will you be back?
Not sure.
Judge called a recess.
You aggravated Collins,
didn't you?
No. It was uneventful.
I knew I should've gone.
Collins was a good friend--
maybe I could have talked to him
or something.
Let me save you the guilt, pal.
Collins is deep
in the rabbit hole.
There is no pulling him out.
Now, what's going on over there?
Oh, not much.
Cabe's coming in with something
soon-- in the meantime,
they're guessing what's
inside chocolates.
Chocolates?
Save me some chocolates.
Oh, boy, did Tim
send Paige chocolates?
Walter?
That Toby?
Yup.
Did he aggravate Collins? Yup.
"Lake Tahoe Jazz and
Heritage Festival."
Yeah, I was... I was
gonna go with Linda, but...
Oh. So are you
doing okay?
I mean, it's got to suck to
see Paige getting romanced
while you're holding two
tickets to lonely-ville.
Tim can send
all the candy he wants.
It does not upset me.
Really?
Then why do all the high
scores on Proton Arnold
have your initials now?
I mean, you hadn't
played for a year,
but once Tim
topped you...
Don't analyze me.
You're not Toby.
No. Toby would couch
his theories in psychobabble.
I'm just gonna tell you:
you're screwing up.
(sighs) Okay, well, Cabe's coming
in soon... You're letting Paige
slip away because you're scared by
the theory of repetitive outcomes.
That is an economics hypothesis
gauging investor behavior.
It applies.
Every time you've loved
someone, it ends painfully.
You wanted to connect
with your parents as a kid,
but now you barely
talk to them.
You do connect with Megan;
she passes away.
Then the Linda
experiment collapses.
So when it comes to Paige...
Paige?
Yes. The woman you've been
crazy about since you met her.
You're so scared of an outcome
where you lose her altogether,
so you're sitting back, pretending the
whole Tim thing doesn't bother you,
but guess what-- you're
gonna lose her altogether.
Well, the Tim thing
does not bother me.
In any case,
chocolates are a lame gift.
Paige likes salty sweets.
♪ ♪
Team. This is Oksana Nastrova,
chief engineer of the Global
Nuclear Energy Council.
We have a lot to talk about.
Sly.
Catch.
Stress grip?
What's this for?
OKSANA:
Chernobyl Power Plant--
in terms of cost and casualties,
worst nuclear accident
in history,
even though only a
fraction of cesium
in the reactor
actually melted down.
Don't say we're going there,
don't say we're going there.
This is where we're going.
(grunts)
So, why are we needed?
Chernobyl was contained
30 years ago.
Well, it was contained
and it wasn't contained,
if you know what I mean. We don't, because
we don't speak in contradictions.
So what's the issue?
CABE:
After the meltdown,
the Soviet Union went
into survival mode.
OKSANA:
We poured hundreds
of thousands of tons of concrete
to create makeshift dome
over plant to trap radiation,
because explosion blasted
the reactor lid through the roof.
WALTER: That's smart.
Concrete is an effective block
to radiation.
Only if it's top quality
and properly constructed.
This was Cold War-era garbage
thrown up in a panic.
Decades later, it's decaying
and it might not be able to
insulate the corium much longer.
What's corium?
OKSANA:
A molten mixture
of nuclear reactor
core material
formed during meltdown.
Highly dangerous.
A slow-moving lava mass
that quickly forms
hardened outer shell
that prevents most
radiation escape.
SYLVESTER:
Like a chocolate
with the worst filling ever.
This is the corium
at Chernobyl, nicknamed the "Elephant's
Foot." Photograph was taken
15 years ago by a maniac who
entered the facility unauthorized.
Anonymously posted online,
it's the only known view
of the interior since
the day of the disaster.
Can you imagine if the shell
on that thing cracked?
Radiation city.
This is exactly
what we worry about.
The dome is decaying.
If it gets much worse,
it won't be able
to keep elements from
falling into the plant.
And if rain or snow lands
on the corium,
we get deadly
toxic steam clouds.
SYLVESTER: That get into the
atmosphere, move hundreds of miles,
fall down via rain,
and seep into the groundwater.
CABE: If the corium's
radiation escapes,
the majority of Eastern Europe's
soil and water supply
will be unusable.
740 million people
permanently displaced.
PAIGE: The world
had to see this coming--
what was done in preparation?
Well, the Energy Council built a massive
multibillion- dollar sarcophagus,
the largest movable structure
in the world.
Is impermeable.
Will cover current dome
and will contain radiation
for at least 150 years.
And by then five half-lives
of the cesium used
in the reactor will have passed.
Making Chernobyl
and surrounding area
safe for habitation once again.
But...?
But over the years the
radiation has leaked
around the reactor and it's
weakened the ground strength.
OKSANA:
Sarcophagus weighs
several thousand tons,
so someone needs to determine
the strongest points
on the ground around facility.
So the engineers will
know the exact position
in which to place
the sarcophagus
so it doesn't sink
into weakened earth,
creating gaps that
would allow radiation to escape,
defeating its purpose. SYLVESTER:
And we're the someones
that are supposed
to figure this out?
That's what the Energy Council
is hoping for, yes.
Well, why us?
The council has engineers.
If we are even
one degree off
in getting sarcophagus
in perfect position,
we could have humanitarian
crisis that cannot be resolved.
Our engineers have
done all they can do.
Structure is built,
is waiting to be put in place.
All that is left
is getting the smartest
and fastest minds available,
all of which are
in this room.
To pull this thing off, we need to
get radiation samples from the air.
WALTER:
From inside the plant itself.
We can extrapolate
the decay rate of the topsoil
based on the data
that we collect.
We run numbers...
Find out exactly
how to position the sarcophagus
so it creates
a tight radiation seal.
But the only way
we can get the data
is by being inside the facility.
After an hour,
we'd have fatal
radiation exposure.
If Cabe can get me one of those
police bomb squad robots,
I can tweak the sucker
and send it in
to get the samples we need.
I can draft software that
models the probability
of radiation fallout on the
grounds around the dome
based on traditional
weather patterns.
Okay, perfect. So,
Toby's tied up at the hearing,
but he can coordinate
our findings
here at the garage
when he's done.
I'll go find us a robot.
The rest of you
get your passports.
(taps table)
I wish I didn't even
have a passport.
♪ ♪
The entire drive
from the airport,
it just got
more and more desolate.
Yeah, well, Chernobyl
is hardly prime real estate.
Right now we're getting
the radiation equivalent
of being closer to the sun
on a flight. It's like three
round trips from here to Tokyo.
Imagine what
the levels are in there.
Under the dome, in the plant.
Yeah, well, we won't
have to go in there
thanks to old Randy here.
Randy?
Radiation And Nuclear Deployment
Yeoman.
How about Virgil? Virtual
Reality Gyroscopic Laborer.
Howard. Humanoid Out
Wandering About
Radiation Device.
(mock chuckles)
His name's Randy.
Randy it is.
You see that,
out in the distance?
That's Pripyat amusement park.
Grand opening was set
just days
after the meltdown.
The day of the accident
it was actually opened to keep
citizens occupied before the
evacuation orders came through.
That was the only day anyone
could ride the rides.
This whole area's
a ghost town.
I feel like
the Omega Woman. Creepy.
So we make good time.
Never traffic near Chernobyl.
No time to waste.
Is my plane over there.
You're our pilot?
Got license four years ago
to take aerial photograph
of dome, track stability.
You programmed Geiger software,
so you come with me, no?
No.
I barely survived the
commercial jet flight here.
I'm-I'm not
getting in a flying jalopy
with an inexperienced pilot.
I assure you
you're in good hands.
Thank you,
lady I barely know.
But nyet.
Sly, you need to run
the Geiger software.
You programmed it.
I'll go with you.
Besides, you know
you have a job to do
and you never
let the team down.
So all you're doing
is delaying the inevitable,
and every extra second
we spend here,
we're getting more radiation.
Okay, we're at altitude
and are banking back
toward the reactor.
(panting)
We'll be just fine.
There. Perfect.
(beep)
I'm already getting
a readout from you, Sly.
Radiation's heavy up there,
you're not even
over the reactor yet.
There is definitely
a lot of leakage from that dome.
Speaking of the dome,
I'll get through this
rotted mess in no time.
TOBY:
Just keep your distance.
Leakage of the bad stuff's
gonna jump
as you make each hole larger.
Hole's large enough to fit.
Walt.
Good news-- Randy spotted a
large crack in the plant proper.
He can roll right in.
They have lights on in there?
It's a power plant.
No one turned off
the grid when the meltdown
occurred, they just ran.
(thud)
HAPPY:
Careful with Randy.
If you get stuck or fall over,
and, uh, we can't
finish the mission.
I know how to operate
a joystick.
Who has the top five high scores
on Proton Arnold?
And we all know why.
Huh?
Nothing.
TOBY: I don't see the corium. WALTER:
It's in there. We're looking.
Well, how hard should it be
to find something
called the Elephant's Foot?
WALTER: If that's not the
corium, I don't know what is.
Geiger counter's going crazy.
I'm getting
a pretty strong bounce, too.
It's because we're almost right
over dome.
Uh, radiation is affecting
electronics a bit.
It'll affect Randy too, Walt.
Not too close.
WALTER: Well, we have to get
close enough
to get a radiation measurement
from right next to
the Elephant's Foot.
Readouts say the corium's
1,200 degrees.
That's much higher than
the Energy Council estimates.
Well, it's hard to estimate
something when you
haven't seen it in two decades.
It's a miracle anything
is still intact in there.
It's a miracle anyone
could last out here at all.
Look, when the corium
finally formed its shell
and stopped moving,
look what was
just 20 feet away,
on the other side of the plant.
CABE:
What is that thing?
Do you remember when you said
just a fraction of the cesium
in the reactor was
melted down 30 years ago?
Yeah.
That's the rest of it.
And if the corium ever
reaches those cesium rods...
It's another Chernobyl.
Only 32 1/3 times its size.
The death toll alone... HAPPY: Well, that
is not an issue, 'cause the bad stuff
is trapped in the
corium's coating.
So just focused, stay on point,
and don't freak out.
Yeah, Happy's right.
So, we just need to get our data
and then figure out the best
position for the sarcophagus,
then get out of here.
Okay,
I'm moving in to get a reading.
Uh, I don't know
if Randy can take it.
Just extend the arm.
Uh, it burst into flames!
I've lost control of the robot.
Was Randy still moving forward?
If he hits the corium,
he can break through
its outer shell.
Oksana, get the plane
away from the dome now.
The corium's been breached.
I've lost control
of plane!
Hold on.
Whoa.
We're banking hard.
What is going on?
The radiation plume
stopped the engines!
She's prepping to crash land.
Paige.
It's headed this way.
Brace yourself!
(whimpering)
There's not enough time to stop.
(grunting)
This is how I die!
First crash in four years.
Paige, Paige!
Paige, are you okay?
Yes, we're all alive.
Thank God. HAPPY: Okay,
listen, shake the cobwebs.
You have to get
out of there quickly.
You're in
a high-radiation zone.
That's not possible.
They're trapped inside.
Not good.
(all coughing)
SYLVESTER: Be careful. We definitely
jostled the infrastructure.
This place does
not look stable.
Looks like
we can't leave.
(grunts)
That's right.
Until we figure out
a way to get you out of there.
Now, do not get too
close to the corium.
Most of the radiation plume
it sent up exited the dome,
but it's still dangerous,
even though most of the coating
has remained intact.
How do you know
it's remained intact?
If it wasn't,
you'd be dead by now.
There's a giant orange glow
coming from the floor below us.
That could be the corium.
We can peek over railing,
but keep safe distance back.
No sign of Randy.
He was eaten alive.
Are you sure
we're far enough away?
Topeka isn't far enough away.
WALTER: Shut up, Toby.
Now, the threat of radiation
dissipates with
the inverse square
of the distance from the source.
In short, you are not
at fatal exposure levels yet.
HAPPY: Are we forgetting
that the corium
was 20 feet
from the cesium rods?
Now that it's oozing out,
it's gonna get there,
causing Chernobyl times three.
I'm looking at the photo that
Randy sent before he kamikazed
into the Elephant's Foot.
It was just before
the yellow pipe at the time.
Yeah, well,
the glow has now reached
the mid-point
of that yellow pipe.
Okay, math is not my forte,
but rough estimates
give you 40 minutes until the
blob hits the cesium rods.
And then the whole plant-- hell,
the whole town-- goes kablooey.
Actually, 39.
The accuracy's really
appreciated.
You must contact
my colleagues for help.
CABE: I just
got off the horn with them.
They won't even
approach Chernobyl.
They're prepping
for a wide-scale
emergency evac if necessary.
Okay, we got to move faster if
we're gonna clear this in time.
Hey, can you
check your voice mail later?
We have 40 minutes
to move these rocks.
Actually, 38.
Sorry.
The radiation is
blocking signal.
I need to call my husband.
And I need to see my son,
but I won't if you don't
help us. Now get to work.
Walt, get to work!
Quiet, please.
I'm thinking.
Yeah, well, I'm thinking, too.
I'm thinking
our friends are gonna
get blown up in there
if we don't bust that hole open
before some ooze
hits some nuclear rods.
We can't dig them out.
There's too much rubble
and too little manpower.
It's...
Happy?
Yeah? What do you estimate
the weight of the plane is
in its current form?
Uh, undamaged, 1,700 pounds.
In its current state
I'll ballpark 600 pounds,
give or take. And how much
torque do you think we'd need
to pull the plane
out of the rubble?
Why, what are you thinking?
The amusement park.
Okay, help me pull the end
of that chain to the SUV.
Cabe, grab the battery
from Oksana's car.
What's that
about an amusement park?
Guys, I need you
to focus your work
on removing any of the rubble
near the plane's wheels.
Just the wheels.
Okay. Why?
We're gonna tow you out of there.
SYLVESTER: How? The SUV
doesn't have the capacity.
What?!
This is not happening.
What isn't happening?
'Cause it really sounds
like something is happening.
PAIGE:
An overhead water pipe broke
and it's water
pouring onto the corium.
Really not good.
There is steam coming off
of the Elephant's Foot.
A lot of steam. Okay, guys, I don't
have to tell you how toxic that is.
The space is gonna
steadily fill with that gas.
It's gonna fry your lungs. WALTER: Sly,
you need to find a source of fresh air.
Ha.
I got the emergency
oxygen tanks from the plane.
CABE: That's a genius idea, kid,
but those are small tanks.
There's only about 20 minutes
worth of air in 'em.
Then you have 20 minutes to get us the
heck out of here. CABE: Copy that.
Let's hit it!
Come on, let's go!
(engine starts)
(chain clanking)
(tires screeching)
You ready?
Come on!
I can handle it from here. Go!
Come on! Come on!
Uh, got my work cut out for me.
(engine starts, tires squeal)
Paige, we're less than a minute
away. How are you on oxygen?
Um, half a tank.
It's not lasting
as long as we thought. Hurry!
Okay, you know what?
I tried the tough love
on you, and it didn't work,
so let's try and keep
your mind off things
while we move some rocks. Deal?
Okay. Okay, so,
your-your husband.
How lo-- how long
are you married?
Ten years.
Okay, and where'd you meet?
Uh, work.
Oksana, details.
And I need you
to move a little faster.
There was a manager, Kirman.
He was strong, handsome,
every woman's dream.
He took me dancing,
bought me gifts.
He sounds like a catch.
You're lucky.
Oh, no, I did not marry him.
I married his file clerk,
Nikolai.
Shy as a mouse.
Two men vying for you.
That must have been
a difficult decision.
Oh, not at all.
Nikolai was... awkward,
but he loved me.
He told me
all his flaws,
all the ways
in which we are different,
that we were meant
to be together.
He told me
to have faith that he was right.
And I did, and he was right.
WALTER:
Paige?!
Walter. Yeah.
You need to get back
into the plane!
Happy, how goes it?!
I think these horsies
are ready to run.
Okay.
Here it goes.
(calliope music plays)
It's working!
♪ ♪
(chain jingling)
Okay, guys, buckle in.
This is gonna be
as bumpy as your landing.
Fantastic.
♪ ♪
Chain's pulling.
Back away!
Okay, they're coming out.
(gasping)
Whoa.
What happened? we stopped.
It must be stuck.
But we cleared
the wheel base.
Well, the debris must've shifted
when we started moving.
I'll be right back!
Paige, no!
WALTER:
Paige, what are you doing?
Um, there's a metal sign caught
in the fuselage. I can get it.
CABE:
Be careful, kid.
This rig's pulled tight!
Once you pull that sign,
it's gonna pop like a...
(grunts)
(hissing)
(coughing)
Paige. Paige is still in there!
Paige!
Paige?!
(coughing)
Paige.
Paige, you all right?
Uh, I hurt my knee.
Okay.
Okay, lean on me.
Lean on me. We have to hurry.
The top of the opening
is unstable at best.
(rumbling)
Side of the dome is cracking.
It's caving in!
Down, get down!
Get down!
(panting)
(coughing)
Walter! Paige!
Uh... unfortunately,
the Merry-Go-Round can't
get us out of this one.
We're trapped, aren't we? Yes.
And the oxygen tank only has
ten minutes of air left.
(coughing): There's more
debris here than before.
There's no point wasting our
time trying to get through it.
We can't get out this way.
Um, Walter,
we have a development!
What?
Uh, the wall collapse must've
buckled the cement floor.
The corium is moving faster toward the
nuclear rods. CABE: We already said
that was a bad thing, right?
It'll be Chernobyl 2:
The Sequel.
Nine out of ten sequels are
worse than the original.
Okay, estimating it's about
ten feet from the rods, moving
about a foot a minute. HAPPY:
That would give you a bit more
oxygen than time,
but the point's moot.
We're all in the blast zone,
and we're all dead once the blob
hits the rod. PAIGE: Oh, great.
So no matter what, we
go down with the ship?
Go down with the ship.
That's brilliant!
Happy, we need
to trap the corium!
With what?
Given the size of this thing,
we'd need 30 metric tons
of concrete.
So we take down the whole ship!
Now, in order to seal off
the corium from the rods,
we implode the building
onto itself.
Like the old Tropicana in Vegas.
I cried when that went down.
You know, a showgirl there
made me a man.
(clears throat)
Now, if charges can be
strategically planted,
then we can cause a bulk
of the roof's concrete
to fall on the east side
of the cesium rods,
creating a barrier between them
and the corium.
HAPPY: Okay, we can't do that
until you're out of there.
Being in a collapsing building
isn't exactly good
for your health.
Just properly set the charges
so that the walls and the roof
collapse inward,
creating a temporary tomb,
and we'll figure out a
way to get out of here.
What?! How?
Uh, I'm not sure yet.
Where do we get
the explosives from?
Leave that to me. Uh, Toby,
there have been
a million studies on Chernobyl
in the past 30 years.
Find me the schematics
and locate the major
support columns.
Go to Energy Council's
online archives.
All the plans are there.
TOBY: On it!
There could be
some decayed walls in here
that maybe we could
push through
with a broken beam.
Walter?
Mm-hmm.
Beam of sunlight.
Oh, there's a hole
in the dome,
and the light's shining
right through
the plant's broken roof.
You think it's big enough
to squeeze through?
We won't know until
we get up there,
but the, the stairs were
blown out in the meltdown.
I didn't see an elevator.
No, but I see a ladder.
That is not a ladder.
No, it will do.
How's your knee feeling?
Terrible. We don't
have a choice, do we?
No. Come on.
(groaning)
Here's two more.
There gonna be enough fuel?
My tank was full.
Should be plenty.
Doesn't matter
how much fuel we have
if Toby doesn't get me
what I need.
TOBY: I will always
give you what you need,
be it emotional, spiritual
or romantic.
So, here it is, sugar plum.
There are four major
support columns
that abut the exterior walls
of the dome,
and I'm sending you
3-D images now.
Walt, we are prepping
for detonation.
We need a 20 on the corium, but
more importantly, you and Paige!
(grunting)
The corium's five feet away!
It's moving faster
than projected!
As for me and Paige,
we're almost at the top.
Yeah, with only
four minutes of air, and this
climbing's making us
use it faster.
My knee is slowing us down,
so you just go,
and I'll catch up.
No!
We're getting out
of here together!
(groaning)
These are the exact coordinates
Toby gave us.
Here's the wire.
Okay.
Three drums to go.
Okay, let's move!
Keeping your arms out lowers
your center of gravity.
It's-it's why those tightrope
walkers use those poles.
Please don't say "tightrope."
That's okay.
So, we're almost at the end.
We'll be able
to use those ladders
and get outside the dome.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Walter! (whimpers)
Oh, God, Walter!
You lost your oxygen! Whatever
you do, do not breathe in!
What's going on?
Walter is hanging from a beam.
He lost his tank,
and he cannot pull himself up!
Of course he can't. His muscles
are deprived of oxygen.
He needs air!
I only have
a few seconds myself.
What do I do?
Okay, we're gonna get
out of here together.
(inhales)
(grunting)
HAPPY:
Paige?
Walt?
I can't hear anything.
Oh, no.
Is that smooching?
Holy CPR-mour. She's kissing
life into the son of a gun.
(grunting)
TOBY: Guys, I know you're
both holding your breath
and you can't answer,
but you'd better move it 'cause
the corium's gonna hit the
rods in less than two minutes!
(loud gasping)
We made it.
Great. Now what? There's no way down.
(groaning)
Actually, there is.
I just didn't mention it
earlier.
'Cause it's borderline insane?
Uh, it goes slightly
beyond the border.
(rumbling)
(panting)
Whoa.
The corium must be eating
into the reactor wall.
Hey, guys, move it or lose it!
Quick.
Come here.
Okay, I noticed that flagpole
when we came in. That and this
extension cord
are our way down.
We just need to find
a cinder block.
Baffled.
Ditto!
Oh. Hold that.
(grunts)
No idea what he's gonna do.
(grunting)
Airplane
battery.
(grunts) All will be
clear in a moment.
HAPPY: That moment better
be less than 90 seconds,
'cause by then I got to implode
that nuke plant
so we can stop
this nuclear Armageddon.
We'll be down
well before then!
Whoa.
Okay. Get in close.
Face-to-face.
Are we just gonna jump?
Sort of. We just need
to pull that chunk
of cement off the roof
and let physics do its thing.
I think I know what he's
gonna do. It could work.
Or they could die.
I can hear you!
Okay, as soon as they're
down, I'll hit the terminal
with the red wire and
down comes the building.
Less than
one minute!
I need you to press
in tighter.
Oh, my God.
This is happening.
We are gonna jump off of here
with an extension cord
to break our fall.
Not just an extension. We also
have the law of conservation
of angular momentum
to help us out.
Okay, done.
35 seconds!
Once I yank
that cement off the roof, things
are gonna happen real fast.
Okay.
Okay, look at me.
Please have faith
that I'm right.
Okay, when I say "now,"
we step off.
I'm just not gonna look.
WALTER:
I think that's wise!
Now!
(shouts)
(shouting)
(panting)
Uh, uh...
(shouts)
WALTER:
Uh...
(both panting)
See? Physics.
Quick! Untie 'em! In Russia, we
have phrase for this kind of trick.
Loose translation,
"bananas crazy"!
HAPPY: Guys, if my
calculations are right,
eight seconds until meltdown.
I got
to flip this flapjack! Hurry!
Optimally, they need to be
400 feet from the implosion.
Then I guess we'll have to be
a little under optimal.
Time's up!
Run!
TOBY:
Guys!
Sound off! Anyone! Please!
(coughing)
(coughs)
We're fine.
Oh. SYLVESTER: Fine
but very dirty.
Did it work? Uh, once
again, if it hadn't,
we'd be dead by now.
We'll give the Energy Council
the placement coordinates
for the sarcophagus
by evening.
But please do us a favor
and have it in place by morning.
Done.
Oh, you know what I
could use right now?
A scalding radiation exposure
shower and an iodine shake?
Took the words right
out of my mouth.
(inhales, coughs)
WALTER:
It's a mixture of parsley,
kale, onions,
which contain vitamins
and free radicals
which will scavenge the...
nuclear radiation
in our bodies.
Doesn't sound too terrible.
And cod.
Oh, boy.
Which is also high in iodine.
Which is necessary.
You didn't get deadly exposure,
but you got the equivalent
of three full body CAT scans
in a day. So bottoms up.
(exhaling rapidly)
Oh, that looks awful.
Painfully gross.
I would be chugging it with you,
but...
since Ralphy and I didn't
go to Chernobyl...
(groans softly)
You better save me a slice
or this goes on your head.
Ask her.
Hmm?
There's...
there's risk involved,
you know?
If it doesn't work...
Sh-She's important to me,
so I can't.
There's risk involved.
You dove off a building
with the woman.
She literally took the plunge
with you.
Physically plummeting does not
correlate to emotional risk.
She kissed life into you.
She was sharing oxygen.
Walter, she trusts you,
you trust her.
That is the basis
of any lasting relationship,
even for people
like us.
You know me. Can you
even calculate the level
of discomfort it brings me to
comment on your personal life?
Okay, I wouldn't do it,
not unless I saw you
doing yourself grave harm.
I'm your friend.
You can trust me.
So believe me
when I say you can trust her.
(shudders) I don't even
know if she likes jazz.
No one likes jazz.
It's about spending
time together.
Ask her.
(phone rings)
Hi. Team Scorpion.
She's on the phone.
Hi...
When she's off.
(Paige speaking
indistinctly)
Hey, big brain.
I'm taking the company car.
Keys, please.
Huh?
W-We don't have a company car.
Your new car is the company car.
We voted. It's really nice.
I need it,
I'm in the company.
Keys, please.
Smell ya later.
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay, bye.
Oh.
Are you-you feeling okay?
Do you need more fish shake?
Oh, no. No, I've had,
I've had plenty.
Uh... uh...
Th-Thank you for, uh, giving me
that breath of air.
Yeah, of course.
And for-for trusting me
to jump off the building.
(whispers):
Just do it.
So, have we ever, uh, discussed
jazz music... before?
'C-Cause, you know, some
people think that it's just...
it's, uh, improvised
chaos. But, actually, uh,
great works c-can be
charted mathematically.
It really helps in
the, uh, appreciation.
I didn't know that.
Why are you bringing this up?
Well, I-I have these tickets...
(phone buzzing)
Oh.
Well, you can take that if you want.
No, no.
I-I can call him back.
You were talking
about those tickets.
Yeah. So, I wanted to, um...
uh, ask if y-you, uh,
would like to go to the...
Lake Tahoe Jazz and
Heritage Festival.
Oh. Um...
I'd...
With-with Tim.
T-Tim?
Yeah. Well, you know, I, um...
I bought them, uh,
to go with Linda,
but, uh, you know, now
that that's defunct,
they're, they're available.
Um...
Okay.
Yeah, I'll...
I'll ask Tim to go, if he wants.
Good.
Enjoy.
Fargas, you're late.
If you wanted prompt, you should
have gone to a regular jeweler.
Regular jeweler wouldn't
take the job. Gimme.
Oh.
FARGAS:
This is no jab at your lady,
but unless she's incarcerated,
you're not gonna get away
with that as a ring.
This is perfect.
She's gonna love it.
(chuckles)
Your funeral.
(camera shutter sound effects)
Check this out, Sly.
Is this perfect or wh...
♪ ♪
(engine starts)
(tires screeching)